doc(mnq): add https to sqs doc (#923)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/messaging/api-cli/connect-aws-cli.mdx

  aws configure set plugins.endpoint awscli_plugin_endpoint
  ```

> 2. Open the `~/.aws/config` file you just created in a text editor and edit it as follows (SNS or SQS url can be found in the console on your Namespace page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the `~/.aws/config` file you just created in a text editor and edit it as follows (the SNS or SQS URL for your namespace can be found in the console on the list of your [Messaging namespaces](https://console.scaleway.com/messaging/namespaces)
```
